Allow Log-level customization (#2221)
dotnet/aspnetcore-tooling: src/Razor/src/Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServerClient.Razor/README.md

# FAQ

### How do I view the logs?

> Logs are off by default. If you'd like to turn them on to debug set the `RAZOR_TRACE` environment variable to `Verbose`.

Reviewer: Should specify the other trace levels that are allowed.

> Logs are off by default. If you'd like to turn them on to debug set the `RAZOR_LSP_LOGLEVEL` environment variable to `Verbose`.

Reviewer 2: To keep this consistent with the equivalent in VSCode,
```suggestion
Logs are off by default. If you'd like to turn them on to debug set the `RAZOR_TRACE` environment variable to `Verbose`.
```
